Add linkcheck filter (#1326)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: CHANGELOG.md

* [ [#1103](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1103) ] Add automatic translations via DeepL API
* [ [#1024](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1024) ] Add URL search-replace for linkchecker
* [ [#1177](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1177) ] Add content locking mechanism

> * [ [#1255](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1255) ] Add linkcheck filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ [#1255](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1255) ] Check only the latest versions of translations for broken links
```
